Life's hard but you get me harder

you like doing silly things? do me then I'm silly

A pancake ain't done until it's flipped on both sides (this isn't about pancakes)

your lips are looking lonely, would they like to meet mine?

So Many holes in the world, but I Just want my piece to go in yours

you aren't a guitar, but I'd like to see what noises you make when I touch you

I can't cook but I can eat you nicely

So much grass to touch but how about I touch you instead

If you ever feel sad just remember I have 5 fingers, but I can make you smile with 2

My hands hurts, ima lowkey need you to stroke it for me

oh no does your tummy hurt?

l heard rubbing it from the inside helps

Pretend I'm your homework, spread me out on the table, and do me until you can't see straight

My face is available, if you ever need a seat btw

Your lips look so sweet, may I taste a free sample?

Are you feeling empty? I've got something that could fill you up

Are you a piano? Bcz I wanna use my fingers to play with you until you make beautiful noise

A pancake ain't done until it's flipped on both sides (this isn't about pancakes)

You turn my software into Hardware

Life's hard but you get me harder

You're depressed, I'm depressed, let's get undressed (depression rizz)

me when I realize you sleep with someone called pillow everyday instead of me

Can I come over and sleep in Your thighs?

Don't mind me nothing going on here, just looking at ur bum

She's in my head so much, I might as well give her some

He's in my head so much, I might as well give him some

Maybe you wouldn't feel so empty with me inside of you

You're my favorite girl

Aren't you tired cause you've been running through my mind all day

You are short but with the “s” and the “r”

You're the toilet to my skibidi

My pillow is boring wanna replace it

Are you a ghost cause you’re boo-tiful

May I use them as stress balls perchance

You probably shower naked you dirty little thing

Guess who's getting touched tonight

I want you to know I have a really Big crush on you very big like a dinosaur

may I play with them like stress balls perchance

I'm going to kiss you

I'm going to touch you

May I pretty pretty please touch you

16 billion legs in the world but I just want to be between yours

Yappers like to talk, may I take your ability to walk?

Pretty please can I destroy you from behind?

Next time I see you, what are the chances of me eating that?

Your cheeks are red, can I make the other pair red too?

May I enter your Hole in one?

Why don't you shake all of that cake?

I have 206 bones but when I look at you I have 207

You don't need a driver's license to ride me

Are you a sea lion because I wanna sea-you-lion in my bed tonight

Sorry for imagining you naked

I'm gonna eat you

Why wear a bra when I can hold them

Can my hands be your new bra please?

May I try your cake?

I'm not a gynecologist but I'll take a look

Nice pair, did you grow them yourself?

May I bury my face in your dumptruck?

You're on the touchlist by the way

It looks so cute wet (I'm not talking about that kind of kitty)

This could be us

Reverse psychology doesn't work on me try reverse cowgirl

Just so you know next time I see you it's backshot o'clock

Them melons of yours look heavy let me grab them for you

If she has a beautiful smile send this to her

Enough yapping get to clapping

How I look at bro after I said something extremely racist

May I sleep on your thighs?

May I play with my Hot Wheels on them... perchance?

Nice legs can they spread?

Can I lick them?

Can I play with them?

Can I squeeze those tights?

May I see them bounce?

May I perchance make it hard... perchance?

Send this to the most beautiful person you know

We may not be brothers by blood but man I love you bro

If he sends this then you're his most favorite girl in the whole world

A bit of head never hurt a friendship

Send this to someone you want to hug right now but you can't because they're far away

Send this to someone who would look cute in this outfit

How I look at bro after saying the dirtiest thing ever

When she got that cute smile and pretty eyes combo

Do you have a sunburn or are you always this hot?

When is our freak time?

If I can't have chemistry with you at least let me try physics

Can I come over and sleep in your thighs?

You're depressed, I'm depressed, let's get undressed

4 billion pairs of cannons in the world but I only wanna put my face between yours

There are billions of cheeks in the world but I only wanna put my face between yours

There are billions of cheeks in the world but I only wanna clap yours

You may have heard of black tea and green tea but I think you are a cute-tea

7 billion people in the world... and I only wanna touch you

Bro is eepy

Maybe you wouldn't feel so empty with me inside of you

You're my favorite girl

Aren't you tired because you've been running through my mind all day?

You are short but w/o the "s" and the "r"

My pillow is boring, wanna replace it?

May I use them as stress balls, perchance?

Guess who's getting touched tonight?

I want you to know I have a really big crush on you, very big like a dinosaur

May I play with them, perchance?

I'm going to kiss you

May I pretty pretty please touch you (inappropriately)?

16 billion legs in the world but I just want to be between yours

Roses are red, yappers like to talk, may I take your ability to walk?

Pretty please, can I destroy you from behind?

Next time I see you... what are the chances of me eating that?

May I enter your Hole in one?

Why don't you shake all of that cake?

I have 206 bones, but when I look at you I have 207

You don't need a driver's license to ride me

Are you a sea lion because I wanna sea-you-lion in my bed tonight?

Sorry for imagining you naked

I'm gonna eat you

Why wear a bra when I can hold them?

Can my hands be your new bra please?

May I try your cake?

Your lips look so sweet

may I taste a free sample?

I may be a handful but so are your tits

I'm not a gynecologist but I'll take a look

May I bury my face in your dump truck?

You're on the touchlist, by the way

It looks so cute wet (I'm not talking about that kind of kitty)

Are you a thief because you stole my heart?

Are you made of copper and tellurium? Because you're Cu-Te

If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard

Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm feeling a connection

You must be a magician because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears

If beauty were time, you'd be an eternity

You're like a dictionary… you add meaning to my life

Can I follow you home? Because my parents always told me to follow my dreams

Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?

Do you have a map? Because I keep getting lost in your eyes

If you were a vegetable, you'd be a cute-cumber

Are you a parking ticket? Because you've got FINE written all over you

Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you

Is your dad a boxer? Because you're a knockout

Do you have a pencil? Because I want to erase your past and write our future

Are you a campfire? Because you're hot and I want s'more

Are you French? Because Ei ffel for you

If I were to ask you out, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?

If you were a triangle, you'd be a cute one

Do you like Star Wars? Because Yo-da one for me

Are you a time traveler? Because I see you in my future

Is your name Google? Because you’ve got everything I’ve been searching for

Do you have room for one more in your bed, or should I sleep on the floor?

They say the tongue is the strongest muscle in the body

Want to test it out?

Are you a bank loan? Because you've got my interest, and I’m ready to be in debt

If I were to flip a coin, what are the chances of me getting head tonight?

Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again… without clothes?

I lost my phone number; can I have yours—and maybe the rest of you too?

You look like you could use some vitamin ME

Can you help me with something? I’m trying to see how you look without clothes

Are you my homework? Because I want to spend all night doing you